# STICCER Data and R Analysis Scripts

This repository contains experimental results of the STICCER technique and its R scripts. The content of this repository are the following:

* R functions for reading data sets, performing data manipulations, statistically analyzing the results, and generate tables.
* Our experiment's data.
* Running the scripts on new experimental results that equal to ours.
* Tests

### Prerequisites

Please note that the following instructions have been tested on an Ubuntu 18.04 LTS workstation running the following version of R:

```shell
R version 3.4.4 (2018-03-15) -- "Someone to Lean On"
Copyright (C) 2018 The R Foundation for Statistical Computing
Platform: x86_64-pc-linux-gnu (64-bit)
```

You would need the following packages:

* dplyr          0.8.3
* psych          1.8.1
* kableExtra     1.1.0
* knitr          1.23
* stringr        1.4.0
* purrr          0.3.2
* tidyr          1.0.0
* reshape2       1.4.3
* ggplot2        3.2.0
* readr          1.3.1
* testthat

### Running the scripts
In your terminal and the directory of the repo run the command `R` to enter the R session.

The scripts are ready to run the original experimental results.

To generate the tables in the paper execute the R/tables.R script (i.e., `source("R/tables.R")` in the R session).
The will output latex tables for you to analyze in the `texTables` directory and the merges plots in the `plots` directory.

To get the data frames for further analysis, in the R session, execute the R/main.R script (i.e., `source("R/main.R")` in the R session) and you will the `mutationanalysis` data frame.

If you have new data that was generated by [SchemaAnalyst reduction techniques](https://github.com/schemaanalyst/schemaanalyst) copy the results directory that was created by SchemaAnalyst to this project. You would then need to change line `results_path <- "experiment_results/"` to `results_path <- "results/"` in the `main.R` file. Then re-run the tables.R script again to generate the tables and plots.

### Running Tests
In the R session, run the `source("R/main.R")` first.
Then, run this command `testthat::test_file("tests/test_functions.R")`.

To create or modify tests, please place it in the `tests` directory.


## Author
* **Abdullah Alsharif** - [aalshrif90](https://github.com/aalshrif90)
